---
Title: Hello.
---

This is my first Blog post. This Blog is hosted on my GitHub, find me at kangj-blip. On this Blog, I will try to reflect on my life, thoughts, feelings, Opinions and reviews on books, movies, shows, etc. 

Currently, I am doing a reading challenge with my friend to read 100 books in 2026. You can see my progress on my Goodreads: https://www.goodreads.com/user/show/194575478-j-kang I am currently 9 books in. I have read Animal Farm, 1984, Lord of the Flies, Yellow Face, Hard Rain Falling, Wuthering Heights, Native Son, Project Hail Mary, and The Martian. Right now, I am reading 3 Body Problem. Unfortunately, so far in 2026 I have not read a 5/5 star book (my opinion). Project Hail Mary came close, but didn't give me enough existential dread and identity crisis to cross the threshold. That is an absolute must for me to truly love a book enough to give it a 5/5. I should come out of the final chapter thinking and seeing the world in a new light, or seeing myself in a new light. 

Other than that, here are some things I tend to like.
- Theoretical Astrophysics, Particle Physics, BioPhysics, Chaos Theory, Theory of Relativity
- Scientific Fiction
- Walks to Lake Ontario and Hart House
- Film analysis and critic
- Game Development
Goals for the year:
- Become a better communicator
- Befriend a Professor

Anyway, my current goal is to pass this final I have on the 25th. I only need a -20% to pass, but generally when I say "pass" I mean "get an A". To get an A, I need a 70%. It is a Linear Algebra course, and I feel somewhat confident about that A.
